I want to create a web page to track my workouts.

The workouts are to be shown in a table in descending date sequence that uses as much of the screen width as possible.

I want to use cookies to show all the workouts that have already been added, with the first line being used to enter a new workout 
that will be added to the front of the list of existing workouts and saved back to the cookie.

The first line of the table is used to enter the latest workout.  It should have a button to save the entry or to cancel(clear) the entry.
The date field should default to the current date.  The time field should have selections starting at 5 am and be in 15 minute increments.
The workout type should default to whatever the workout type of the latest workout in the cookie is.  The same for the distance.  This 
first line should appear, even if there are no other workouts to show.

The remainder of the table is populated from a cookie and shows all previously entered workouts.  Each of these lines should have a delete
button and an edit button.  Fields of the line are read only until the edit button is clicked, at which time they will be modifiable and 
the edit button becomes a save button and the delete button becomes a cancel button.  When the save button is clicked, the workout is 
updated in the cookie and the buttons revert to save and delete.

Data for a workout includes date, time, workout type (walk, run, swim, bike, other), distance, pace (minutes/mile), blood pressure,
outside temperature, weather conditions, and comments.

create separate files for css and index.html, scripts, etc.  

Use this website https://emailing.rogerdtinsley.workers.dev/ when processing this request.
Only report changes to files required by this request, but show the entire file(s) affected.

the site is hosted on cloudflare.
I use github desktop because I don't like cli.

Add emails 
I want to click a button and have an email sent with all the workouts.  Do this only if there is a valid email in the cookie.
Before the "email" button is visible, there should be a "register my email" button assuming there is no valid email in the cookie.
When an email address is "registered", it becomes part of the cookie.
The body of the email is the same table that is displayed, except that it will not include the line used for entering a new workout.
The email will be sent with my resend account.